I could not do = yapamazdım

I couldn't do any of this without you, Jill. Jill, sensiz bunların hiçbirisini yapamazdım.
A week ago, I couldn't do that. Bir hafta önce, bunu yapamazdım.

I could not have done it = yapamazdım (geçmiş zaman)
Couldn't have done it without you, darling. Sen olmadan yapamazdım canım.
But I couldn't have done it if he hadn't saved my life. Ama O benim hayatımı kurtarmasaydı, yapamazdım.

to be cool with something
to be angry with someone

If my qualifications meet your requirements, I hope we can meet at an interview."

"If my skills seem suitable for the position, I hope to be able to give further details at an interview


I would be most grateful if you could let me know next week.
I would appreciate it very much
Anything you can give me will be appreciated.
Please forward this message on to your colleagues who may be interested in attending
Please feel free to forward this invitation to any people you think may be interested.
please forward the information to anyone who you believe may be interested in participating
Kindly forward this message to anyone in your network who you feel might be interested in attending. 
Kindly forward this message to anyone in your network who you think might be interested in attending.
appealed to me

tutuk konuşmak flater   falter = sendelemek yalpalamak anlamı da var
my meeting went late
my meeting ended late
The meeting took longer than expected, so the speaker is late for his next appointment.
The meeting ran over

suggest (that) someone do something  that kaldırılabilir ama yapı aynı suggest for kulanımı yok suggest for us, suggest for him gibi
I suggest you go to a doctor
I suggest that you go to a doctor

Emily suggests we go out for dinner after the movie.      Not   Emily suggests us go out for dinner after the movie
Eğer olumsuz bir cümle yapmak istiyorsak (suggest ile olumsuz önerme)
Emily suggests we not go out for dinner after the movie.
The teacher suggests we not waste time playing video games after school.
My doctor suggests eating less and exercising more.    Suggest doing something

to figure out çözmek anlamak
let me to figure this out
Have you tried to figure it out? Çözmeye çalıştın mı?
take over  yerine geçmek devralmak
The firm has been taken over by one of its main competitives
think over  üzerinde düşünmek
I should give them enough time in order to find someone to take over for me  / cover for me
I need some time to think this over. She thought over your offer and accepted it

overcome üstesinden gelmek
How did you overcome this issue?

salary deduction ücret kesintisi
And what are the deduction from salary for? Maaşım ne kadar kesintiye uğrayacak?
I Can’t Go Below   I couldn't do it for less than $5,000. 5K, and that's as low as I'll go.
Never missed a payment in 19 years.  Have you ever missed any payment


strengthen
commute işe gidip gelmek

income -> gelir
loss of income
I don't wanna have any loss of income
incure a loss    suffer a loss
The loss of income was substantial. Gelir kaybı çok fazlaydı.
It causes a loss of income


https://context.reverso.net/%C3%A7eviri/ingilizce-t%C3%BCrk%C3%A7e/during+this+time

Today when I went to the office I got my payroll and checked it for deductions and did some math. I realised that for the gross salary you offered, rest of the amount is very close to my current net salary. (not to mention not having any sick days or any PTO)
If exchange rate between Turkish Lira and Euro falls a little bit then things get worse for me.

So, under these circumstances, I regret to inform you that I could not accept your offer.

Kjetil, I must say that I liked your engineering approach. You are a good tech guy 
I wish you success in your project and wish you luck in finding the right candidate.

in conjunction with -> ... ile birlikte
Avoid using this medication in conjunction with antidepressants.

if it was me -> ben olsaydım
if I were you/him  -> senin yerinde olsaydım / Onun yerinde olsaydım